Clarify the difference between when-equations and clocked when (#3279)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/equations.tex

\end{lstlisting}

The \lstinline!expression! of a \lstinline!when!-equation shall be a discrete-time \lstinline!Boolean! scalar or vector expression.

> If \lstinline!expression! is a clocked expression it is handled differently, see \cref{clocked-when-clause}.

Reviewer: Also make terminology crystal clear:
```suggestion
If \lstinline!expression! is a clocked expression, the equation is referred to as a \emph{clocked \lstinline!when!-clause} (\cref{clocked-when-clause}) rather than a \lstinline!when!-equation, and is handled differently.
```
(Moved the cross reference just to reduce the large number of commas by one.)
